MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Ervin Remus Radosavlevici

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SCIENTIFIC CALCULATOR SOFTWARE:

This MIT license applies specifically to the open-source components and 
educational use of the Scientific Calculator - Vacuum Energy & Quantum Genetics
software.

Educational Use: This license covers use in academic institutions, educational 
research, and non-commercial scientific exploration.

Attribution: While not required by MIT license, attribution to the original 
author is appreciated in academic publications and derivative works.

Commercial Use Restriction: For commercial use, enterprise deployment, or 
integration into commercial products, please refer to LICENSE-BUSINESS or 
LICENSE-PROPRIETARY for appropriate licensing terms.

Watermark Notice: The embedded watermark (ErvinRemusOfficialâ„¢) must be 
preserved in all distributions under this license.

Contact: For questions about license applicability or to request alternative 
licensing terms, contact Ervin Remus Radosavlevici.